The President? Sorry. You're saying that this man here, who looks homeless, is the President of the Wharton Group?
That's impossible.
You're all a bunch of idiots. Now I warned you.
But you're going to learn your lessons today.
Guards? Get them!
No way the sick! You can't be the President of the Wharton Group.
You can't be. This can't be happened. I refuse to believe it.
You're a good man. You better believe that.
Take them! No, no way!
No, I didn't. That's where you were supposed to be on the Wharton Group. I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
And who I am doesn't matter. But what matters is that you've been using the auto-plants name to boss people around in that topic.
And you know what? You fucking ruined it and you've insulted Carolina.
I'm sorry, but I didn't mean to disrespect you Carolina. I apologize. Please forgive me.
Well none of that matters now. Guess what? You have two options.
One, you're fired and we can send you to the cops and they can make you pay for all the consequences of the crime that you've committed.
Or two, you can spend a little bit of quality time with my guys.
No! We've already asked forgiveness. We said we were sorry. Please forgive us. Why don't you just let us go?
Guys, take them to the dock. Kill the sun slowly and make sure the dad watches.
And then after, I want you to kill him too.
Dad, no.
No, no, wait a second. I got it now! You're bullshit! You're not the real President of the Wharton Group.
Andrew, what are you saying? I'm saying that Doris told me that he forged the President's signature at the auto-plant.
And I just didn't realize how far this piece of shit would go.